Welcome to Nationality Guessr!
Instructions:
1. Try to guess what country someone is from given their last name. (For now, the multiple countries-last name issue hasn't been addressed)
2. If you want to know the list of countries, simply enter 'list'
3. If want to see your score, simply enter 'score'
4. If you want to quit, just enter 'quit'

Round 1

What country is the surname Tshokey from? Enter your guess: 
ls
Incorrect. The answer actually was Bhutan. The surname is the 598-most common last name in that country, and there are 15 people with that surname in that country.
Round 2

What country is the surname Seville from? Enter your guess: 
Italy
Incorrect. The answer actually was Montserrat. The surname is the 299-most common last name in that country, and there are 2 people with that surname in that country.
Round 3

What country is the surname Mahmoud from? Enter your guess: 
Saudi-Arabia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Egypt. The surname is the 5-most common last name in that country, and there are 1018802 people with that surname in that country.
Round 4

What country is the surname Ásgrímsson from? Enter your guess: 
Norway
Incorrect. The answer actually was Iceland. The surname is the 410-most common last name in that country, and there are 134 people with that surname in that country.
Round 5

What country is the surname Grove from? Enter your guess: 
Ireland
Incorrect. The answer actually was Denmark. The surname is the 939-most common last name in that country, and there are 562 people with that surname in that country.
Round 6

What country is the surname Adriaens from? Enter your guess: 
Sweden
Incorrect. The answer actually was Belgium. The surname is the 842-most common last name in that country, and there are 1749 people with that surname in that country.
Round 7

What country is the surname Chengao from? Enter your guess: 
Chad
Incorrect. The answer actually was Taiwan. The surname is the 536-most common last name in that country, and there are 492 people with that surname in that country.
Round 8

What country is the surname Pénzes from? Enter your guess: 
FRance
Incorrect. The answer actually was Hungary. The surname is the 371-most common last name in that country, and there are 3046 people with that surname in that country.
Round 9

What country is the surname Anees from? Enter your guess: 
 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Pakistan. The surname is the 483-most common last name in that country, and there are 35850 people with that surname in that country.
Round 10

What country is the surname Sangalang from? Enter your guess: 
Thailand
Incorrect. The answer actually was Philippines. The surname is the 599-most common last name in that country, and there are 14787 people with that surname in that country.
Round 11

What country is the surname Bester from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was South Africa. The surname is the 234-most common last name in that country, and there are 28813 people with that surname in that country.
Round 12

What country is the surname Mkhitaryan from? Enter your guess: 
Armenia
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 13

What country is the surname Matambo from? Enter your guess: 
Sudan
Incorrect. The answer actually was Zimbabwe. The surname is the 122-most common last name in that country, and there are 7429 people with that surname in that country.
Round 14

What country is the surname Moonsamy from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was South Africa. The surname is the 593-most common last name in that country, and there are 11697 people with that surname in that country.
Round 15

What country is the surname Phills from? Enter your guess: 
Netherlands
Incorrect. The answer actually was Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. The surname is the 855-most common last name in that country, and there are 8 people with that surname in that country.
Round 16

What country is the surname Badalyan from? Enter your guess: 
Armenia
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 17

What country is the surname Etoga from? Enter your guess: 
Eritrea
Incorrect. The answer actually was Cameroon. The surname is the 801-most common last name in that country, and there are 3183 people with that surname in that country.
Round 18

What country is the surname Qafleshi from? Enter your guess: 
Yemen
Incorrect. The answer actually was Kosovo. The surname is the 602-most common last name in that country, and there are 517 people with that surname in that country.
Round 19

What country is the surname Mahous from? Enter your guess: 
Turkey
Incorrect. The answer actually was Iraq. The surname is the 397-most common last name in that country, and there are 9301 people with that surname in that country.
Round 20

What country is the surname Sotodji from? Enter your guess: 
Djibouti
Incorrect. The answer actually was Benin. The surname is the 653-most common last name in that country, and there are 2085 people with that surname in that country.
Round 21

What country is the surname Liphapang from? Enter your guess: 
Philippines
Incorrect. The answer actually was Lesotho. The surname is the 379-most common last name in that country, and there are 782 people with that surname in that country.
Round 22

What country is the surname Eliášová from? Enter your guess: 
Romania
Incorrect. The answer actually was Czechia. The surname is the 891-most common last name in that country, and there are 1480 people with that surname in that country.
Round 23

What country is the surname Pinhasov from? Enter your guess: 
Russia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Israel. The surname is the 432-most common last name in that country, and there are 2701 people with that surname in that country.
Round 24

What country is the surname Hynninen from? Enter your guess: 
Finland
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 25

What country is the surname Orelien from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Haiti. The surname is the 242-most common last name in that country, and there are 6681 people with that surname in that country.
Round 26

What country is the surname Bunsee from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Trinidad and Tobago. The surname is the 824-most common last name in that country, and there are 267 people with that surname in that country.
Round 27

What country is the surname Karacaoğlu from? Enter your guess: 
Turkey
Incorrect. The answer actually was Northern Cyprus. The surname is the 687-most common last name in that country, and there are 81 people with that surname in that country.
Round 28

What country is the surname Arlauskienė from? Enter your guess: 
Slovenia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Lithuania. The surname is the 214-most common last name in that country, and there are 1752 people with that surname in that country.
Round 29

What country is the surname Al-Zayt from? Enter your guess: 
Saudi-Arabia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Syria. The surname is the 219-most common last name in that country, and there are 11215 people with that surname in that country.
Round 30

What country is the surname Mammadzadeh from? Enter your guess: 
Iran
Incorrect. The answer actually was Azerbaijan. The surname is the 285-most common last name in that country, and there are 4901 people with that surname in that country.
Round 31

What country is the surname Poulsen from? Enter your guess: 
Sweden
Incorrect. The answer actually was Denmark. The surname is the 17-most common last name in that country, and there are 28426 people with that surname in that country.
Round 32

What country is the surname Dabou from? Enter your guess: 
Chad
Incorrect. The answer actually was Mali. The surname is the 192-most common last name in that country, and there are 7809 people with that surname in that country.
Round 33

What country is the surname Ocasio from? Enter your guess: 
Cuba
Incorrect. The answer actually was Puerto Rico. The surname is the 96-most common last name in that country, and there are 6728 people with that surname in that country.
Round 34

What country is the surname Schaeffer from? Enter your guess: 
Germany
Incorrect. The answer actually was France. The surname is the 790-most common last name in that country, and there are 7478 people with that surname in that country.
Round 35

What country is the surname Thusi from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was South Africa. The surname is the 296-most common last name in that country, and there are 22891 people with that surname in that country.
Round 36

What country is the surname Bakajika from? Enter your guess: 
Hungary
Incorrect. The answer actually was DR Congo. The surname is the 457-most common last name in that country, and there are 18115 people with that surname in that country.
Round 37

What country is the surname Sadiqi from? Enter your guess: 
Albania
Incorrect. The answer actually was Iran. The surname is the 371-most common last name in that country, and there are 27105 people with that surname in that country.
Round 38

What country is the surname Arvanitaki from? Enter your guess: 
Greece
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 39

What country is the surname Tróndarson from? Enter your guess: 
sore
Incorrect. The answer actually was Faroe Islands. The surname is the 504-most common last name in that country, and there are 11 people with that surname in that country.
Round 40

What country is the surname Bicaba from? Enter your guess: 
score
Your score is 4. What country is the surname Bicaba from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Burkina Faso. The surname is the 273-most common last name in that country, and there are 9651 people with that surname in that country.
Round 41

What country is the surname Mncina from? Enter your guess: 
Slovakia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Swaziland. The surname is the 73-most common last name in that country, and there are 3511 people with that surname in that country.
Round 42

What country is the surname Schlesinger from? Enter your guess: 
Austria
Incorrect. The answer actually was Israel. The surname is the 508-most common last name in that country, and there are 2321 people with that surname in that country.
Round 43

What country is the surname Grey from? Enter your guess: 
United States
Incorrect. The answer actually was Australia. The surname is the 722-most common last name in that country, and there are 5387 people with that surname in that country.
Round 44

What country is the surname Iu from? Enter your guess: 
Taiwan
Incorrect. The answer actually was Vietnam. The surname is the 508-most common last name in that country, and there are 2202 people with that surname in that country.
Round 45

What country is the surname Kahla from? Enter your guess: 
 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Palestine. The surname is the 705-most common last name in that country, and there are 1404 people with that surname in that country.
Round 46

What country is the surname Urrunaga from? Enter your guess: 
Gabon
Incorrect. The answer actually was Panama. The surname is the 739-most common last name in that country, and there are 541 people with that surname in that country.
Round 47

What country is the surname Hollá from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Slovakia. The surname is the 369-most common last name in that country, and there are 1082 people with that surname in that country.
Round 48

What country is the surname Galye from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Turks and Caicos Islands. The surname is the 862-most common last name in that country, and there are 1 people with that surname in that country.
Round 49

What country is the surname Hamzayeva from? Enter your guess: 
ISrael
Incorrect. The answer actually was Azerbaijan. The surname is the 274-most common last name in that country, and there are 5152 people with that surname in that country.
Round 50

What country is the surname Autar from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Suriname. The surname is the 10-most common last name in that country, and there are 1119 people with that surname in that country.
Round 51

What country is the surname Kenis from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Belgium. The surname is the 659-most common last name in that country, and there are 2097 people with that surname in that country.
Round 52

What country is the surname Varnavides from? Enter your guess: 
Argentia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Cyprus. The surname is the 669-most common last name in that country, and there are 154 people with that surname in that country.
Round 53

What country is the surname Parraga from? Enter your guess: 
Portugal
Incorrect. The answer actually was Ecuador. The surname is the 140-most common last name in that country, and there are 18491 people with that surname in that country.
Round 54

What country is the surname Odette from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Cameroon. The surname is the 339-most common last name in that country, and there are 7273 people with that surname in that country.
Round 55

What country is the surname Veršić from? Enter your guess: 
Serbia 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Croatia. The surname is the 871-most common last name in that country, and there are 686 people with that surname in that country.
Round 56

What country is the surname Fideles from? Enter your guess: 
fuck
Incorrect. The answer actually was Brazil. The surname is the 915-most common last name in that country, and there are 11495 people with that surname in that country.
Round 57

What country is the surname Deer from? Enter your guess: 
New Zealand
Incorrect. The answer actually was Jamaica. The surname is the 769-most common last name in that country, and there are 467 people with that surname in that country.
Round 58

What country is the surname Yanik from? Enter your guess: 
Turkey
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 59

What country is the surname Chkhikvadze from? Enter your guess: 
Georgia
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 60

What country is the surname Malanda from? Enter your guess: 
Togo
Incorrect. The answer actually was Congo. The surname is the 16-most common last name in that country, and there are 25728 people with that surname in that country.
Round 61

What country is the surname Sambahamphe from? Enter your guess: 
idk
Incorrect. The answer actually was Nepal. The surname is the 854-most common last name in that country, and there are 1735 people with that surname in that country.
Round 62

What country is the surname Makoetlane from? Enter your guess: 
Suriname
Incorrect. The answer actually was Lesotho. The surname is the 515-most common last name in that country, and there are 657 people with that surname in that country.
Round 63

What country is the surname Huhuang from? Enter your guess: 
Cambodia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Taiwan. The surname is the 904-most common last name in that country, and there are 259 people with that surname in that country.
Round 64

What country is the surname Adia from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Ivory Coast. The surname is the 729-most common last name in that country, and there are 2674 people with that surname in that country.
Round 65

What country is the surname Sakoane from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Lesotho. The surname is the 175-most common last name in that country, and there are 1188 people with that surname in that country.
Round 66

What country is the surname Kaviani from? Enter your guess: 
Italy
Incorrect. The answer actually was Iran. The surname is the 407-most common last name in that country, and there are 24259 people with that surname in that country.
Round 67

What country is the surname Konin from? Enter your guess: 
Benin
Incorrect. The answer actually was Ivory Coast. The surname is the 290-most common last name in that country, and there are 7794 people with that surname in that country.
Round 68

What country is the surname Monestime from? Enter your guess: 
South Africa
Incorrect. The answer actually was Haiti. The surname is the 434-most common last name in that country, and there are 3315 people with that surname in that country.
Round 69

What country is the surname Ouiya from? Enter your guess: 
South Africa
Incorrect. The answer actually was Burkina Faso. The surname is the 478-most common last name in that country, and there are 4707 people with that surname in that country.
Round 70

What country is the surname Nesstein from? Enter your guess: 
Germany
Incorrect. The answer actually was Faroe Islands. The surname is the 707-most common last name in that country, and there are 7 people with that surname in that country.
Round 71

What country is the surname Gaudio from? Enter your guess: 
Peru
Incorrect. The answer actually was Monaco. The surname is the 434-most common last name in that country, and there are 9 people with that surname in that country.
Round 72

What country is the surname Teboho from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Lesotho. The surname is the 813-most common last name in that country, and there are 482 people with that surname in that country.
Round 73

What country is the surname Nyota from? Enter your guess: 
Niger
Incorrect. The answer actually was DR Congo. The surname is the 95-most common last name in that country, and there are 67553 people with that surname in that country.
Round 74

What country is the surname Vasel from? Enter your guess: 

Incorrect. The answer actually was Nepal. The surname is the 966-most common last name in that country, and there are 1370 people with that surname in that country.
Round 75

What country is the surname Skrzypczak from? Enter your guess: 
Poland
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 76

What country is the surname Ndadi from? Enter your guess: 
score
Your score is 7. What country is the surname Ndadi from? Enter your guess: 
Nigeria
Incorrect. The answer actually was Namibia. The surname is the 533-most common last name in that country, and there are 763 people with that surname in that country.
Round 77

What country is the surname Kholis from? Enter your guess: 
Cyrpus
Incorrect. The answer actually was Indonesia. The surname is the 664-most common last name in that country, and there are 25414 people with that surname in that country.
Round 78

What country is the surname Somwaru from? Enter your guess: 
East Timor
Incorrect. The answer actually was Guyana. The surname is the 265-most common last name in that country, and there are 503 people with that surname in that country.
Round 79

What country is the surname Bokoba from? Enter your guess: 
Samoa
Incorrect. The answer actually was Congo. The surname is the 710-most common last name in that country, and there are 1136 people with that surname in that country.
Round 80

What country is the surname Nagassi from? Enter your guess: 
Nigeria
Incorrect. The answer actually was Benin. The surname is the 996-most common last name in that country, and there are 1428 people with that surname in that country.
Round 81

What country is the surname Slack from? Enter your guess: 
United States
Incorrect. The answer actually was Saint Kitts and Nevis. The surname is the 291-most common last name in that country, and there are 33 people with that surname in that country.
Round 82

What country is the surname Namonje from? Enter your guess: 
South Africa
Incorrect. The answer actually was Zambia. The surname is the 168-most common last name in that country, and there are 13112 people with that surname in that country.
Round 83

What country is the surname Bielecki from? Enter your guess: 
Kosovo
Incorrect. The answer actually was Poland. The surname is the 133-most common last name in that country, and there are 22134 people with that surname in that country.
Round 84

What country is the surname Rumi from? Enter your guess: 
Macedoni 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Bangladesh. The surname is the 300-most common last name in that country, and there are 51998 people with that surname in that country.
Round 85

What country is the surname Havmand from? Enter your guess: 
list
Abkhazia, Algeria, Andorra, Anguilla, Argentina, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Barbados, Belgium, Benin, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, British Virgin Islands, Bulgaria, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Cuba, Cyprus, Denmark, Dominica, DR Congo, Ecuador, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Falkland Islands, Fiji, France, Gabon, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Honduras, Hungary, India, Iran, Ireland, Israel, Ivory Coast, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lesotho, Libya, Lithuania, Macau, Malawi, Maldives, Malta, Mauritania, Mexico, Moldova, Mongolia, Montserrat, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, New Caledonia, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norfolk Island, North Macedonia, Northern Ireland, Norway, Pakistan, Palestine, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Pitcairn Islands, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, Saint Lucia, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Samoa, Scotland, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, Somalia, South Africa, South Korea, South Sudan, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Sweden, Syria, Tajikistan, Thailand, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, Turks and Caicos Islands, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, United States Virgin Islands, Uzbekistan, Vatican City, Vietnam, Wallis and Futuna, Zambia, Afghanistan, Albania, American Samoa, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Armenia, Aruba, Austria, Bahamas, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Botswana, Brunei, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chad, China, Comoros, Cook Islands, Croatia, Czechia, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, East Timor, Egypt, England, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, Finland, French Polynesia, Gambia, Germany, Gibraltar, Greenland, Guam, Guernsey, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Hong Kong, Iceland, Indonesia, Iraq, Isle of Man, Italy, Jamaica, Jersey, Kazakhstan, Kiribati, Kuwait, Laos, Lebanon, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malaysia, Mali, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Micronesia, Monaco, Montenegro, Morocco, Myanmar, Nauru, Netherlands, New Zealand, Niger, Niue, Northern Cyprus, Northern Mariana Islands, Oman, Palau, Panama, Paraguay, Philippines, Poland, Puerto Rico, Romania, Rwanda, Saint Barthelemy, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Martin, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Seychelles, Singapore, Slovakia, Solomon Islands, South Ossetia, Spain, Sudan, Swaziland, Switzerland, Taiwan, Tanzania, Togo, Transnistria, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, Ukraine, United States, Uruguay, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Wales, Yemen, Zimbabwe, What country is the surname Havmand from? Enter your guess: 
Qatar
Incorrect. The answer actually was Zimbabwe. The surname is the 786-most common last name in that country, and there are 6 people with that surname in that country.
Round 86

What country is the surname Fenton-Archer from? Enter your guess: 
Scotland
Incorrect. The answer actually was Montserrat. The surname is the 471-most common last name in that country, and there are 1 people with that surname in that country.
Round 87

What country is the surname Hashih from? Enter your guess: 
India
Incorrect. The answer actually was Palestine. The surname is the 815-most common last name in that country, and there are 1231 people with that surname in that country.
Round 88

What country is the surname Tadokoro from? Enter your guess: 
Japan
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 89

What country is the surname van der Meijden from? Enter your guess: 
Netherlands
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 90

What country is the surname Chilando from? Enter your guess: 
Grenada 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Zambia. The surname is the 647-most common last name in that country, and there are 2978 people with that surname in that country.
Round 91

What country is the surname Sisaeng from? Enter your guess: 
Vietnam
Incorrect. The answer actually was Thailand. The surname is the 753-most common last name in that country, and there are 5812 people with that surname in that country.
Round 92

What country is the surname Žilinskienė from? Enter your guess: 
Serbia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Lithuania. The surname is the 28-most common last name in that country, and there are 5438 people with that surname in that country.
Round 93

What country is the surname Kunze from? Enter your guess: 
Taiwan
Incorrect. The answer actually was Germany. The surname is the 167-most common last name in that country, and there are 40950 people with that surname in that country.
Round 94

What country is the surname Buriro from? Enter your guess: 
Panama
Incorrect. The answer actually was Pakistan. The surname is the 895-most common last name in that country, and there are 13638 people with that surname in that country.
Round 95

What country is the surname Banakayi from? Enter your guess: 
India
Incorrect. The answer actually was DR Congo. The surname is the 968-most common last name in that country, and there are 9495 people with that surname in that country.
Round 96

What country is the surname Viche from? Enter your guess: 
Italy
Incorrect. The answer actually was Cameroon. The surname is the 830-most common last name in that country, and there are 3113 people with that surname in that country.
Round 97

What country is the surname Bordas from? Enter your guess: 
Hungary
Incorrect. The answer actually was Honduras. The surname is the 968-most common last name in that country, and there are 310 people with that surname in that country.
Round 98

What country is the surname Aliru from? Enter your guess: 
South Africa
Incorrect. The answer actually was Uganda. The surname is the 919-most common last name in that country, and there are 7803 people with that surname in that country.
Round 99

What country is the surname Geldhof from? Enter your guess: 
Belgium  
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 100

What country is the surname Pulliainen from? Enter your guess: 
Finland
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 101

What country is the surname Lundborg from? Enter your guess: 
Switzerland
Incorrect. The answer actually was Sweden. The surname is the 715-most common last name in that country, and there are 1280 people with that surname in that country.
Round 102

What country is the surname Gačić from? Enter your guess: 
Serbia
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 103

What country is the surname Andrésson from? Enter your guess: 
Norway
Incorrect. The answer actually was Iceland. The surname is the 203-most common last name in that country, and there are 330 people with that surname in that country.
Round 104

What country is the surname Chenyu from? Enter your guess: 
Taiwan
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 105

What country is the surname Okawa from? Enter your guess: 
Japan
Congrats! You got it right!

Round 106

What country is the surname Szpak from? Enter your guess: 
Czechia
Incorrect. The answer actually was Poland. The surname is the 794-most common last name in that country, and there are 5861 people with that surname in that country.
Round 107

What country is the surname Rezzoug from? Enter your guess: 
Denmark 
Incorrect. The answer actually was Algeria. The surname is the 780-most common last name in that country, and there are 7772 people with that surname in that country.
Round 108

What country is the surname Sumarni from? Enter your guess: 
score
Your score is 14. What country is the surname Sumarni from? Enter your guess: 
Suriname
Incorrect. The answer actually was Indonesia. The surname is the 81-most common last name in that country, and there are 126678 people with that surname in that country.
Round 109

What country is the surname Canaca from? Enter your guess: 